Minor edits to the upgrade and what's new docs (#15285)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0/resources/whats-new-prefect-3.mdx

---
title: What's new in Prefect 3.0
sidebarTitle: What's new
---

Prefect 3.0 is now the default open source version!

> Prefect 3.0 represents a significant leap forward in workflow orchestration, bringing a host of new features, performance improvements, and expanded capabilities to enhance your data engineering experience. Let's explore the exciting new additions and enhancements in this open source release.

Reviewer: same comment on both of these sentences as above.

Author: edited locally and pushing

Most Prefect 2 users can upgrade without changes to their existing workflows. Please review the [upgrade guide](/3.0/resources/upgrade-to-prefect-3) for more information.

<Note>

> [Prefect Cloud](/3.0/manage/cloud) is compatible with both Prefect 3 and Prefect 2 open source clients. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Prefect Cloud](/3.0/manage/cloud) is compatible with both Prefect 3.0 and Prefect 2.x open source clients. 
```

</Note>

## Open source events and automation system

> One of the most anticipated features in Prefect 3 is the introduction of the events and automation system to the open source package. Previously exclusive to Prefect Cloud, this powerful system now allows all users to create sophisticated, event-driven workflows. 

Reviewer: suggest removing marketing language.
```suggestion
One of the largest features in Prefect 3.0 is the introduction of the events and automation system to the open source package. Previously exclusive to Prefect Cloud, this system now allows all users to create event-driven workflows and automate their system based on the presence or absence of observable events. 
```
